ae
beauty talks to the bild that welcome
One more video and people this time I
I'm here on minecraft pocket edition
0.12 point to bring you guys
a mini-server server the server of the
life coach galera updated here
to version 10.1 12.1 and now people
You will be able to play several mini games
we had there at 0.11 who
do not you know it 's galileo life ball
who will have the server says cart and
explain fidel and also the survivor
games the server is very good and
just upgraded here to 0.12 and
he is bug free no guys he can
give some fights all over when
Do you have to play because people?
server is in beta hit ipé vai
leave there the description of the video in the house
or your first time coming in here
na life boat
you will need to register for
register you come here in chat
you will put the register bar here
chatô puts itself like this will give a space
will put your password and will give a
space and will retry your password
After that, just give a neighbor and you
you will already be registered here on the server
here you can enter here in the portal the law
What are you going to be playing?
you would choose the scareware games between
other right and guys on this server
here you do not have that problem of
type into a server and could not
Because it's full here, there are a lot of players.
people can enter a lot of people and I
I will leave several and weight in the description there
you try one if you have full you can
try on another one that will work ok more
guys, I came to bring you whistles that you asked for.
to leave you here with the ip of
server if any other nice server
update and with lots of lot for me
I'll bring it here on the channel so stay
linked
People, I do not know how my audi is.
Like I was kind of fooled I tried to record
that this video already does is the fourth time
I'm recording this video, guys.
album was kind of zapped by types and where
I have a bad feeling, people, I apologize.
To you, the problem here is in my
microphone plus a next video maybe
It'll be better, but you?
liked left like.com part of the video
which is very important.
channel if it is not already registered
video all
then the days not subscribe to
lose nothing
But then people will stay this way.
Many thanks to all of you who
watched and until the next video
I was loyal
ah